Previously on From...
- Get them off me!
- Are you looking for these?
Take them.
We get to keep Randall, though.
We're gonna need
some fresh towels!
- No, no, no!
- Hey, hey, hey. Stop!
- You're gonna hurt yourself.
- You fucking left me!
Ellis, he's so happy.
I can't tell him
how scared I am.
I'm trying to be patient,
but I-I need--
- You can't help!
- I don't understand.
This!
- It's all I can keep down!
- What?
I think there's something
wrong with the baby.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing for Christopher.
Who was Christopher?
He was our friend.
But then Christopher
started seeing the symbol,
and then everyone died.
Jasper's the one who can
tell us why it happened.
Easier to tell myself
they were dead.
All that time,
my little boy was here.
What kind of man
gives up on his family?
Victor.
I didn't know
how to get home.
What the hell
happened last night?
Boyd?
Tabitha's back.
What?
Boyd said you went
through a tree?
They're called Farway trees.
Can you get back there
without the tree?
I don't know.
I don't-- I don't know.
What about the bottles?
Was there anything
- special about them?
- I took a few of 'em down.
There were slips
of paper inside
with numbers
written on them.
When you were out there,
did you contact anyone?
You don't understand,
they wouldn't have believed me.
You had an opportunity that
none of us have ever had before,
and you blew it.
I went out and I came back.
- And I came back with nothing!
- We thought you were dead.
Your children thought
you were dead.
You owe it to your kids
to be here now.
What are you doing?
I had a nightmare.
You wanna talk about it?
No.
Well, come back to bed.
I should've done more.
When I was out there,
You did the best you could.
How do you know that?
What?
You keep saying stuff like that.
How do you know?
How do you have any idea
what I could've done?
I'm just--
You keep saying stuff
like that,
just-- that is not true,
just so I feel better.
I don't-- I don't understand.
Would you-- would you rather
I just picked you apart?
Make you feel like shit?
I'm not gonna do that.
I just want you
to be honest!
No.
What you want
is for me
to read your mind,
so I can say to you
whatever you wanna hear
at any given time.
You want me to be
the bad guy?
Fine! But I was the one
who stayed here,
holding our kids together,
while you ran off
- to try to deal with whatever...
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
- ...it was you were doing!
- You make it sound like
I went on a fucking vacation.
I came to you.
I asked for your
fucking permission.
I was just trying
to save our daughter.
Did it ever occur
to you that maybe
we could've
done things together?
No! Because you wanted
to do it on your own!
You want to do
everything on your own!
That's why you--
That's why what?
- No.
- That's why what?
Nothing.
Noth-- that's why what?
I'm going back to bed.
Stop being a fucking
coward and tell me!
That's why you
wanted a divorce,
because it'd be easier
for you to cut and run,
to deal with Thomas's
death on your own,
instead of trying
to put our family back together!
Oh, yeah and you were the knight
in shining armor, right?
Everything you did, every choice
you made was perfect!
- I never said that.
- You think getting the divorce
was gonna let me
deal with it on my own?
I was already
on my fucking own!
Oh, that's so not true.
You got to throw
yourself into your work!
You were not there when Julie
and Ethan woke up crying.
You didn't see them
sitting in Thomas's room,
just staring at his toys--
No.
And you're upset.
You're upset
because you had to
take care of your children
the few days that I was gone?
I took care of my fucking kids
for a year, while you were...
- No! God--
- ...I don't know fucking what.
Damn it, no!
Where are you going?
Downstairs!
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
♪ Now I have
children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
Hey.
You slept late.
Where's Dad?
Um, he went to the lake
with some people
to get the rest of the food.
He left?
Yeah.
He's coming back tomorrow.
Go tell Ethan
I'm making breakfast.
So we're just taking
day trips to the lake now?
Honey, the people
need the food.
Right.
And it had nothing to do with
that screaming match last night?
I'm sorry you heard that.
I'm pretty sure people
in Colony House heard.
Listen, Julie--
No. I get it.
I've heard this speech
plenty of times.
I'm just glad some things are
finally getting back to normal.
I'll get Ethan.
So you're saying
this could be some kind of code?
Yeah, or an algorithm,
or-- who knows?
Look, the fact is, Tabitha got
pushed out of a lighthouse
and somehow ended up near
a hiking trail in Camden, Maine.
I don't think I'm being
controversial when I say,
by all known metrics,
that's impossible.
- Okay.
- Unless... Unless...
she experienced some kind
of... quantum event.
Right? Or wormhole, or any
number of theoretical events
that would allow her to get from
the lighthouse in the woods
to Camden, Maine.
Or maybe...
Maybe the lighthouse in the
woods occupies the same space
as Camden, Maine.
Maybe it wasn't a wormhole
so much as a dimensional rift!
- Jade.
- I can understand an awful lot
of people get confused,
but the truth is
a wormhole is a shortcut
through space and time.
- Whereas a dimensional rift--
- Jade, stop!
Sorry. What?
I thought you said you had
something exciting to show me.
Yeah.
All right,
okay, okay, listen, listen.
I understand why
you might be skeptical.
I am too.
Something tells me that
this has to mean something.
The bottle tree was
important to Miranda, right?
And according to Tabitha,
she's the only one
who had a connection to this
place long before she arrived.
Did you look at the bottles
from the other tree?
What other tree?
The one in Maine?
- No. How could I--?
- No, the one--
Sara and I found
one of these trees when we went
out into the woods together.
It wasn't a portal tree,
but it still had
bottles hanging from it,
messages inside.
I pulled one down,
it said... "1864."
1864.
Eighteen. Eighteen six...
I saw it.
Uh...
"1864."
Where's the second tree?
Hey. Sorry.
I was looking for you
and I just figured I'd wait.
Okay.
I haven't seen
one of these in a long time.
Yeah. That belonged
to Mrs. Davis.
Is that right?
What was Mrs. Davis doing
with one of these?
She bought it
for her son,
he was very sick,
and he saw the car
in the back of a magazine.
And so, she drove far away
to buy one
from the only store
that still sold them.
Uh...
She...
She said her son
didn't have very long,
and she knew that
the car would make him...
smile.
She saw the tree
before she got home.
And she died
a long time ago.
I guess her son is dead too.
Yeah, I was thinking maybe
you could show me
around today.
Uh, there's something
I have to do.
It's very important.
Oh. Mind if I tag along?
No, I don't think
that's a good idea.
Right.
Well, I'll--
I'll just get out of your way.
Uh...
Uh, it's...
very... dangerous,
what I have to do,
and I--
and I don't want
you to get hurt.
But you could walk with me
for a bit, if you want.
All right. I'd like that.
Okay.
I, uh, finished
cleaning out the ambulance.
Here's the last of it.
Awesome. Thanks.
Oh, this stuff is
gonna be a godsend.
I'm gonna bring this
downstairs.
Oh, I can give you a hand.
You've done plenty, really.
You should go home,
get some rest.
Thank you.
Coming or going?
Oh, I, uh-- going.
You okay?
Yeah. You know, I...
I'm good.
Yeah.
- Kenny--
- I'm good.
I'm good, really.
I don't wanna
talk about it right now.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah.
Boyd!
Shouldn't you be in bed?
I don't think you're one
to talk about taking it easy.
Well...
He's doing better.
Yeah. Yeah. I was...
I was just, uh...
Hey, that ambulance
came in fully stocked.
There was a portable
ultrasound onboard.
Really?
Yeah.
When you see Fatima,
tell her to come on by.
She can take a look
at her little nugget.
I'll do that.
Hey, look, don't mention
that I came by, okay?
Yeah, of course.
Right.
That's really good news,
the ultrasound.
Yeah.
Say something.
We have to go to Kristi.
No.
I can't do that.
I mean, there's gotta be some
sort of medical explanation.
How can there be?
Look, I don't...
I don't want
everyone looking at me
the way that you're
looking at me right now.
Like you're
afraid of me.
No, no, I am--
I am not afraid of you.
Okay? And whatever is happening
is not your fault, okay?
I just...
I just--
I just wanna help you.
Maybe it'll just go away.
You know, maybe it'll
just go away on its own.
- And maybe--
- Baby...
Maybe it'll just stop.
Who is it?
It's Dad.
I, uh, got some good news.
Just-- just a second.
Just a second.
Hey.
Hey, look at me.
Look,
I-I am just as scared as you.
Okay?
But we cannot do this alone.
If it's a bad time--
No, it's fine.
Okay.
Hey. What's...
What's going on?
Come in.
Donna?
I heard about what happened.
I'm so sorry.
Were you two close?
He was a pain in my ass
for almost two years.
He had some
good moments, though.
Would have loved this;
me hauling these
fucking stones across town.
Only thing
he would've liked better,
is if I left him to rot,
so he could ruin everyone's
breakfast every morning.
I was there
when he went through.
He was just trying
to help, you know?
I'm sure he had some shitty
remark on his way out.
You doing okay?
Yeah, yeah.
That meeting yesterday
couldn't have been too easy.
Well, I just...
I just feel that...
everyone expects me to have
all the answers, you know?
I feel like I let them down.
I feel like
I let my family down.
Let them down?
Tabitha, your children
thought you were dead!
They don't need
answers from you.
They just needed you back.
Yeah.
What if the people from
the meeting were right?
What if I wasted
the only opportunity
we're gonna get?
You see Dale down there?
You went through
that same tree.
That could have been
you down there.
I know.
Don't try to be a hero.
Go spend time with your kids
because you're lucky
to be here still.
Don't take that for granted.
I'm done.
Hey.
I'm sorry about your friend.
Well, back to work.
Yeah.
You, uh...
tell those kids of yours
I said hello.
I will.
So you-- you wanna
go down into the tunnels,
where these things live?
I don't want to.
I have to.
Because there's
something down there
that is going to help people?
It's going to save them.
It'll save you too.
We're here.
You should go now.
Do you remember
the way back?
I'm-- I'm not going back.
I'm, uh, coming with you.
No, that's not a good idea.
No. I just got you back.
I'm not losing you again.
If you're gonna do this,
we're doing it together.
Okay.
What-- what are
those for?
So we don't get lost.
Follow close.
Hey, and be really,
really quiet.
I mean, we've seen things here
that-- that don't make sense.
And...
these-- these cravings,
maybe it's just...
I mean, may--
maybe it's just the effect
that this place has
on pregnancy,
so it doesn't have to mean
that there's something wrong
with the baby, right?
Right.
Kristi has
an ultrasound machine.
Wait. What?
It was on the ambulance
that came into town.
That's what
I came to tell you.
No. I-I don't--
I don't-- I don't wanna.
Could you give us
a second?
Oh, yeah, of course.
Yeah.
Fatima...
Ellis, I don't want to see it.
No, we can't...
We cannot just hope
that this gets better, okay?
- I know.
- Okay.
We are in the dark.
I know. We'll do it tomorrow.
We'll go tomorrow.
Fatima, Fatima...
- I just want it to be okay.
- I know.
Hey, hey, it's okay.
I just want it to be okay.
I know, baby.
I'm sorry.
Okay. I know.
Good, you're awake.
The fuck do you want?
We need to change
your bandages.
It's fine.
I need to make sure
there's no infection.
That's not something you want,
not here.
Fine.
I'll fuckin' change 'em.
I need you to sit up.
Please. Come on.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
May I?
Yeah.
Well?
Um, there's
no sign of infection.
And the stitches are
holding well.
There's gonna be a lot of
bruising, a lot of discomfort.
I wanna see it.
Give me a minute?
Yeah, take your time.
Hey.
What are you doing?
You're not gonna
tell my parents, are you?
If you get caught,
I was never here.
- Deal.
- Okay.
You want some?
Don't push it.
Hey, I was-- I was looking
for the screwdriver.
My mom always kept
a junk drawer in the kitchen.
Um, yeah.
My dad gets fidgety
when he's nervous,
so he probably
just moved stuff around.
Oh. Um, okay.
Um, God, no, I-- I'm sorry.
With my mom being gone,
he probably didn't even realize.
No, it's fine. It's just a--
it's just a junk drawer.
I'm sorry.
It's not a big deal, seriously.
Um, I'm gonna go-- I'm gonna
go check the dining room.
You just keep
that under wraps. 'Kay?
Okay.
Oh God.
How much further?
Shh!
This way.
No, he...
He should be here.
This is where I saw him.
This whole chamber was full.
Now it's not.
Maybe we took a wrong turn.
No.
Jasper,
he was sitting right here.
There was a clock
and a wheelchair.
And the bad things,
they were sleeping.
Hey, maybe
we should go back.
You can get your bearings.
I know where I am.
We need to go deeper.
I'm not sure
that's a good idea.
- We can't leave without Jasper.
- Victor.
It's important.
We'll be okay.
This way.
She's coming.
She just, uh...
She just needs a minute.
Thanks.
Hey, smile.
What?
Me and Julie found this
in the basement.
I figured we should put together
a little
Colony House photo album.
Doesn't have to all
be scary and bad.
Okay.
I'm gonna put
a collage on the wall,
if you wanna
check it out later.
You ready?
I don't wanna say anything...
to Kristi,
not until we have to.
Okay.
You're coming, right?
Whatever you guys need.
All right.
Great.
And then
there were two.
Oh, for fuck's sake!
It's ironic, no?
A drunk looking for answers
in a tree filled with bottles.
Why-- why are
you wiping that glass?
A man does what a man does.
So, you really think this is
gonna tell you anything?
I think this place
has a design.
Ah.
I don't think
anything's here by accident.
Maybe that's your problem.
And what, dead Tom,
does that mean?
Well, nature has
a design, Jade,
and that is not nature.
It's just something
somebody put there.
Sure, it might mean
something, yeah.
Maybe it's something
someone made
because they thought
it meant something.
Maybe it's someone
like you...
...just looking for answers,
trying to figure things out.
Grasping at straws.
And here you are, standing,
looking at this bottle tree,
puzzling over it like it's
a part of the original design.
No.
See, Miranda had visions
of this place.
She had visions of these trees.
You don't have visions
about things
that don't mean anything.
What about
the things you see?
The Civil War soldiers?
The guy crushed by the rock
in the root cellar?
No, no, no. Listen,
those were different.
Okay? Those were
completely different.
How so, Jade?
Fine! All right, fine!
Maybe it's garbage.
Maybe this is
a giant waste of time.
Are you gonna help me
bring these down or what?
I gotta finish this first.
Oh, for fuck's sake...
Jade. You mad?
I am a little bit
annoyed, yeah!
You should work on that.
Because the Jade that built
a multi-million-dollar company
when everyone said
he shouldn't,
that guy had
thicker skin. Yeah.
You really wanna
beat this place?
Maybe you should sober up
and give that guy a call.
There's a nicer way
to make your point, you know!
Hey, buddy.
What ya got there?
It's Tian Chen's.
Oh.
Did you learn to read Chinese
while I was gone?
No.
Where's your sister?
She went for a walk.
Do you think Tian-Chen's
with her husband now?
I hope so.
Do you think they were happy
when they got married?
Honey...
I'm so sorry you heard us
fight last night.
I'm so sorry.
We're just trying
to do our best...
for all of us.
I liked it better
when we first got here.
Everyone was so scared,
there was no time to be angry.
I wish it could be
like that again.
What's Jade doing at the bar?
That's what you guys were
fighting about, right?
Jade, um...
he's-- he's trying
to figure out a puzzle.
What kind of puzzle?
Is someone upstairs?
No.
Are you sure?
What's wrong?
Wait.
Anghkooey.
Oh my God.
Why are you here?
Anghkooey!
- No, no, no, no, no!
- Anghkooey!
Oh my God!
Anghkooey!
I tried to help you!
Leave us alone!
Anghkooey! Anghkooey!
No, no, no, no, no!
Anghkooey!
Anghkooey! Anghkooey!
Mom?!
Anghkooey!
Mom!
- Anghkooey!
What?
Are you okay?
We're okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
Oh my God.
- We're okay. It's okay.
- Was it the children?
Yes.
Can we go outside?
Yes. Let's go. Let's go.
It's really nice of you
to do this for him.
Would've hated it.
"Great. A pile a rocks?
That all I get?"
Well...
it's not just rocks.
It's dignity.
Everyone deserves that.
Yes, they do.
You don't have
to be here, honey.
You've already been
through enough of this.
Uh, actually,
I was kinda wondering
if you maybe had some extra
space up at Colony House.
For me.
She was the only thing
that ever made that house
feel like a home.
It was meant for a family.
She'd want them to have it.
We always have room for you.
You're not still throwing
those sex parties up there,
are you? 'Cause I...
Oh, just go pack your stuff
before I change my mind.
Yes, ma'am.
There we go.
Can we come in?
I'm a little busy.
Well, I told Ethan we can--
we can help you
with your puzzle.
Uh, sure. Yeah.
You like puzzles, buddy?
Yeah.
Well, great,
'cause this one
just got a whole lot
more interesting.
How?
Turns out there is
a second bottle tree.
- There's two of them?
- Mm-hmm.
Not only that, but the messages
in the bottles, the numbers,
they're all the same.
I mean, the placement's
obviously different,
and in the second tree,
they're written out in cursive.
But the actual numbers,
you line them up side by side;
they are exactly the same.
Not to mention some of them
repeat, over and over again.
What does that mean?
I have no idea.
But I am increasingly optimistic
that, somewhere in here,
somewhere in these dates,
in these numbers,
is a key to something
that we need to understand.
You wanna help me
find it?
Okay.
You need to apply this every
time you change the bandages.
I heard you the first time.
That gets infected,
you're gonna be in a world of--
I said I heard you.
Okay.
You're all set, then.
Why are you pretending
you're okay?
If you're talking
about Nicky, that was--
No, you know
what I'm talking about.
Just make sure
you change the bandages.
You can pretend
all you want,
but you were there,
same as me.
What if it's not over?
Whatever happened to us,
it wasn't...
What?
It wasn't real?
What the fuck
is "real" anymore?
Ah, it's gotta be
easy for you
in a place like this,
though, huh?
Going to sleep next
to somebody every night.
You get to pretend
that you're okay.
Yeah, well, it's not
like that out on the bus.
I don't get to pretend.
It's fucking...
terrifying.
So, then,
don't go back to the bus.
We got room.
Go get your stuff.
You serious?
Yeah. No one here has
to be alone.
I'll talk to Kristi.
Okay.
How many of those
little green men do you have?
We'll be fine.
Shh. Careful.
All right.
Victor, I think
we should turn around.
Shh. It won't be much further.
You don't know that.
If we get lost
down here...
We won't get lost.
Careful.
Hey, hey, look.
- We can come back.
- No.
- Figure out a plan.
- No!
Victor, please--
- Wait, wait.
- What?
Look, look, look.
We have to go through.
No, Victor!
Shh...
No. Wait, wait.
Okay.
Let's go. Let's go.
Oh, God.
This is--
it's your mother's.
- Oh, God.
- Shh!
We have to go.
You know, Victor,
if you keep coming down here,
one of these days,
we'll make you stay.
Go!
Go, go, go!
Go! Come on!
You movin' out?
Yeah.
Found a sweet little
condo up the road.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Ocean views. Indoor gym.
Sounds nice.
Yeah.
Where are you really going?
Marielle said
I could stay at the clinic.
How's she doing?
She's acting like
nothing ever happened.
How are you doing?
Get stoned a lot.
It helps.
You got anything on you now?
Okay. Come inside.
Careful.
Come.
Sit here.
Okay.
That thing, its voice...
It's okay.
We're safe now.
Why did they have this?
It's your mother's.
I don't know.
They like to take things.
Why?
I don't know. They just do.
What is this place?
It's... just somewhere...
somewhere I come when
it gets too loud sometimes.
I used to hide here...
...before the people came.
At night?
You would hide in here?
Uh-huh.
Because you were alone.
My God.
It's okay.
No, everything--
everything is okay now.
Look, we found Jasper.
That means
that we can save people.
How?
He knows things.
Yeah.
I heard him tell Christopher
a story about this place once,
and we have to make him
tell it again.
But Victor...
Victor...
that's a toy.
We'll make him tell it again.
You'll see.
Okay.
Let's lift this up.
I got the gel.
Oh, great. Thank you.
All right, so,
it's just gonna be a bit cold.
Now, keep in mind,
it's still early days,
so it's not gonna
look like much yet.
It'll be about
the size of an acorn,
and if we're lucky,
we might see the arms and legs.
So, just, keep your
expectations in check, okay?
Okay.
Ready?
Okay, so,
there's your uterus.
What's going on?
I, um...
Hm.
I don't see anything.
What--
what do you mean?
Um...
You're not pregnant.
No, no, that's--
that's impossible.
I need you to keep looking.
Fatima--
You barely looked!
- Just keep looking!
- Sweetie, I'm so sorry--
I don't need you to be sorry!
I need you to look again.
Hey, it's okay.
- It's not okay!
- It's okay, just--
Okay, we'll take
a look together, okay?
It's okay.
All right.
So right here is where
the baby's supposed to be.
But there's nothing there.
No, I...
There's something inside of me.
I need you to find it.
Fatima...
there's nowhere
else to look.
We need to tell them.
Tell us what?
Help me, Elgin.
I can save you.
I can save all of you.
I can help you
go back home.
Hey.
Are you all right?
You look weird.
I'm fine.
I like the collage.
The fact that some
of the numbers repeat,
that means there's
a pattern somewhere.
The 2 on this one's
backwards.
Mm-hmm.
Same thing with
the number seven,
but they're only
backwards sometimes.
- Why?
- I don't know.
That's why we have
to figure out the pattern.
If we can
figure out the pattern,
then we can
figure out the shape.
Get cracking.
Look...
whatever those kids are,
they're not gonna hurt you.
How do you know that?
They want your help, right?
I don't know. Maybe.
I'm basing that on
something a dead woman saw
in a vision
40 years ago, so...
What is this?
Some wards scattered
around the settlement.
I'm guessing they're protective.
They don't really seem--
What's wrong?
Three red stones.
What?
Did you-- did you see
three red stones?
Big ones in a circle?
How did you--?
No. No, no.
When I was a little girl,
I would have the same nightmare
over and over again.
It wasn't just Miranda.
I saw this place too...
...but I just didn't know it.